Adding Isambard-AI advice (#23)
alan-turing-institute/hpc-landscape: Isambard/getting_started.md

Reviewer: This is slightly nit picking and feel free to ignore this but can we call this "getting started on Isambard-AI" to match the filename

Author: Renamed file to `getting_started_on_isambard-ai.md`

Reviewer: Sorry this is my bad I meant like change the title `# Beginning on Isambard-AI` -> `# Getting started on Isambard-AI`

# Beginning on Isambard-AI

Once you receive an email from AIRR (Isambard-AI), asking you to join, you can use MyAccessID with your Turing email to make an account.
The details on how to get started are here:
<https://docs.isambard.ac.uk/user-documentation/getting_started/>

> You will need to install Clifton, but you can use the same SSH key you would have used for Baskerville.

Reviewer: Or generate a new one if you didnt use baskerville

Author: I have updated this to not mention Baskerville.

The project name will be a few random letters and numbers, e.g. "a1b2" would be reached by `ssh a1b2.aip2.isambard`

> When you first go on, can you add `umask 0002` to your `~/.bashrc` file?

Reviewer: When you first log in to Isambard-AI, you may wish to add `umask 0002` to your `~/.bashrc` file.

Author: I think if you work collaboratively you will want to add `umask` but I updated it saying so.

This will allow others in your project to edit files you create, which is useful for collaboration.

Your home folder can be reached by `~` or `$HOME`, and the project folder is reached by `$PROJECTDIR`.
We strongly recommend you make a folder for each sub-project or personal things (with your name) in the `$PROJECTDIR` directory, so it does not become cluttered.

> The `$PROJECTDIR` uses the symbolically linked location, which can cause all sorts of subtle difficulties, so in general I'd recommend using the full path (e.g. `realpath $PROJECTDIR` or `cd -P $PROJECTDIR`).

Reviewer: I think this is true of $HOME too. 

```suggestion
Both the `$HOME` and `$PROJECTDIR` environment variables reference symbolically linked locations, which can cause all sorts of subtle problems, particularly when using singularity containers. In general we recommend using the full path to avoid this.

At any point you can `cd` to the real path location using `cd -P .` or, for your project directory, `cd -P $PROJECTDIR` 

You may also wish to overwrite these environment variables in your `~/.bashrc` with the full path versions:

```bash
export HOME=$(realpath $HOME)
export PROJECTDIR=$(realpath $PROJECTDIR)
```
```

Author: Updated this to match

> The `public` folder in the project directory is readable by everyone on Isambard. Your home folder is readable by everyone in your group.

Reviewer: Note this includes your bashrc.

Author: Added a clause saying this.

As far as I can tell, you cannot SSH into compute nodes like on Baskerville.
You also don't need to specify the "project" and the "qos" as you did on Baskerville, as the user is linked to the project.
It is possible to use `sattach`, but that is not easy to do something like profiling.
It is possible to use `srun --jobid=<ID> --overlap --pty bash`

It is sometimes necessary to create an SSH key on Isambard-AI (e.g., to access Git repos). 

> In this case, I'd recommend generating it on Isambard-AI (so it can be revoked without affecting access from elsewhere) and giving it a strong password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, we recommend generating it on Isambard-AI (so it can be revoked without affecting access from elsewhere) and giving it a strong password.
```

Author: Updated this

If you use `uv`, it would be an idea to add a UV install for everyone in the main project folder.

> There is a guide for [installing UV on HPC in the tips and tricks section](../tips-and-tricks/uv_install.md).

Reviewer: See #24 

TBC `example_workflows`

Author: I will leave that for the other PR to deal with

Once you receive an email from AIRR (Isambard-AI), asking you to join, you can use MyAccessID with your Turing email to make an account.
The details on how to get started are here:
<https://docs.isambard.ac.uk/user-documentation/getting_started/>

> You will need to install Clifton, but you can use your usual SSH key, or generate a new one if needed.

Reviewer: Add new line between these or fullstop after link

Author: Added a new line

If you will be working collaboratively, we would recommend adding `umask 0002` to your `~/.bashrc` file.
This will allow others in your project to edit files you create.

Your home folder can be reached by `~` or `$HOME`, and the project folder is reached by `$PROJECTDIR`.
We strongly recommend you make a folder for each sub-project or personal things (with your name) in the `$PROJECTDIR` directory, so it does not become cluttered.

Both the `$HOME` and `$PROJECTDIR` environment variables reference symbolically linked locations, which can cause all sorts of subtle problems, particularly when using Singularity containers.
In general, we recommend using the full path to avoid this.
At any point, you can `cd` to the real path location using `cd -P` or, for your project directory, `cd -P $PROJECTDIR`.

You may also wish to overwrite these environment variables in your `~/.bashrc` with the full path versions:

```bash
export HOME=$(realpath $HOME)
export PROJECTDIR=$(realpath $PROJECTDIR)
```

The `public` folder in the project directory is readable by everyone on Isambard.
Your home folder is readable by everyone in your group, which includes your `.bashrc` file.

> As far as I can tell, you cannot SSH into compute nodes like on Baskerville.

Reviewer: I might also rephrase this to like `It is not currently possible to ..`

Author: Changed this
